The following reports attempt to combine multiple sources of data in order to deliver an overview and understanding of juvenile justice statistics both on the state and county levels. 

Multiple sources of data was used for these reports in order to generate a better understanding of the state of affairs than provided by any single source.

This report was generated and compiled in order to better inform all those involved in the juvenile justice system within the state of wyoming. By providing judges, attornies, and civil servants with informative data we hope to provide them with the tools to make better decisions and provide better services for those juveniles in care.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following reports contain information on juvenile justice statitistics for the State of Wyoming and the counties within. Several different reports are available and all use information and data gathered from multiple data reporting agencies across the State as well as some national agencies. This compilation of data is provided in attempts to better provide judges, attornies, and civil servants with these reports we hope to provide them with the tools to make better decisions and provide better services for those in the juvenile justice system of Wyoming.

All of the raw data used in the reports within is available for download. This is to further assist in the process of sharing and collecting the data necessary to providing educated decisions about a juveniles future. 
All of the code used to generate these reports is also available for download and customization, further providing other juvenile justice services with powerful, conglomerative data analysis tools.

Any additional data sources are welcome, and if you believe that some data being collected by your agency can be used within these reports please contact us at wyoclc@wyoclc.org. To learn more technical details about the project or to view project code, data sources and citations, please visit: https://github.com/coolcomputers/WyJJD























